# Write two to three sentences on why Django is so popular among web developers.

Django is a popular Framework for multiple reasons. Firstly, it has a vast and reliable community, making learning Django and mainting it on a project much easier. Secondly, it is a "batteries included" framework, meaning that most of the software development basics are handled by the framework. Thirdly, it is very scalable, and reliable for larger applications.

# list five large companies that use Django

1. The most famous app which uses python is instagram. Django's practicality, efficiency, and ability to scale to billions of users made Django an appropriate framework for the app.
2. Mozilla: with Django, Firefox can tackle large amounts of traffic and API hits in a more efficient manner. 
3. Spotify: Python is used for Spotify’s back-end services and data analysis. 
4. Eventbrite: Eventbrite uses Django for URL routing, form building, and unit tests.
5. Pinterest: Django is used to make a use-friendly interface

# For each of the following scenarios, explain if you would use Django (and why or why not):

    - You need to develop a web application with multiple users.
    I would use Django, as having multiple users requires a database and api integration

    - You need fast deployment and the ability to make changes as you proceed.
    I would use Django, as it is highly customisable and adaptable and has fast deployment rates.

    - You need to build a very basic application, which doesn’t require any database access or file operations.
    I wouldn't use Django as most of it functionalities wouldn't be needed and would just bloat the app.

    - You want to build an application from scratch and want a lot of control over how it works.
    I wouldn't use Django because django has a very strict and defined methodology, file structure and implementation procedure.

    - You’re about to start working on a big project and are afraid of getting stuck and needing additional support.
    I would use Django as it is a very well maintained and open source project, meaning that i would be sure to find alot of support online.
